README.md, before:

# 🎨 Layers Landing Page
![Hero](/src/assets/gifs/hero.gif) 

> A **pixel-perfect implementation** of a Figma community design, built with **Next.js**, **TailwindCSS**, and **Framer Motion**. The goal was to recreate the design faithfully, while also adding a **component-based architecture** and **motion design integration** to elevate the user experience. 

🌐 **Live Preview:** [https://layers-fawn.vercel.app/](https://layers-fawn.vercel.app/)  


---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

| Category | Technology | Purpose |
|-----------|-------------|----------|
| ⚙️ Framework | Next.js 14 | Routing, static generation, image optimization |
| 🎨 Styling | TailwindCSS 3 | Utility-first responsive styling |
| 💫 Animation | Framer Motion 11 | Section transitions & microinteractions |
| 💻 Language | TypeScript | Type safety and cleaner DX |
| ✒️ CI/CD | Vercel | Modern continuous integration&deployment management |
---

## ✨ Key Highlights

| Focus Area | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
|  **Figma-to-Code Accuracy** | Achieved pixel-perfect translation from a Figma layout |
|  **Custom Animations** | Implemented custom animations based on scroll, hover, and motion effects  |
|  **Visual Refinements** | Adjusted spacing, timing, and contrast for better aesthetic balance |
|  **Responsive Layouts** | Carefully adapted design to multiple breakpoints by using TailwindCSS |
|  **Accessibility Considerations** | Semantic structure and contrast-aware styling |

---

## 🧪 Development Process

1. **Figma Analysis** : Extracted spacing, colors, typography, and layout specs  
2. **Component Breakdown** : Divided the UI into modular, reusable components  
3. **Implementation** : Built layout using TailwindCSS utilities  
4. **Motion Design** : Added Framer Motion for smooth section transitions  
5. **Refinement** : Adjusted minor inconsistencies and visual flow  

The goal was to implement the Figma design with precision, ensuring a pixel-perfect landing page.


---

## 🧱 Project Structure

Organized for clarity, reusability and maintainability:
```
layers-landing-page/
├── src/
│ ├── app/ # App entry Next.js 14
│ ├── public/ # Static assets 
│ ├── components/ # Reusable UI components
│ ├── sections/ # Page sections (Hero, Features, CTA, etc.)
│ ├── styles/ # Global Tailwind styles
│ ├── lib/ # Motion configs and constants
│ └── pages/ # Next.js pages
├── .eslintrc.json
├── .prettierrc
├── next.config.js
├── package.json
├── postcss.config.mjs
├── tailwind.config.ts
└── tsconfig.json
```

---

## 🖼️ UI Showcase
![Hero](/src/assets/gifs/hero.gif) 
![Features](/src/assets/gifs/features.gif)
![Integrations](/src/assets/gifs/integrations.gif)


🎥 **Live Demo:** [View the website](https://layers-fawn.vercel.app/)


Optimized for desktop and mobile. Resize the browser to see the responsive adjustments and animations in action.

---

## 🪄 What I Learned
- I learnt how to bridge static designs and production-ready code by managing responsiveness and motion without breaking design fidelity.
- I learnt how to use the Motion framework to create beautiful animations to enhance static designs.
- Polished my UI/UX skills to guarantee a seamless and attractive page, positioning the user at the centre of the project.


---

## 🚀 Getting Started

Run it locally in a few commands:
```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/sleepielle/layers-landing-page.git

# Navigate into it
cd layers-landing-page

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run the local server
npm run dev

Then open 👉 http://localhost:3000
```

---

## 🌸 Let's Connect!

![Banner](./src/assets/images/banner.png)
Let's connect on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mercedesgpaz/) — or drop a ⭐ if you liked this project!

Commit message:

Update README with animation instructions
Added a note to play gifs for animations in the UI showcase.

README.md, after:

# 🎨 Layers Landing Page
![Hero](/src/assets/gifs/hero.gif) 

<p align="center"><b>Play gifs to see animations!</b></p>



> A **pixel-perfect implementation** of a Figma community design, built with **Next.js**, **TailwindCSS**, and **Framer Motion**. The goal was to recreate the design faithfully, while also adding a **component-based architecture** and **motion design integration** to elevate the user experience. 

🌐 **Live Preview:** [https://layers-fawn.vercel.app/](https://layers-fawn.vercel.app/)  


---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

| Category | Technology | Purpose |
|-----------|-------------|----------|
| ⚙️ Framework | Next.js 14 | Routing, static generation, image optimization |
| 🎨 Styling | TailwindCSS 3 | Utility-first responsive styling |
| 💫 Animation | Framer Motion 11 | Section transitions & microinteractions |
| 💻 Language | TypeScript | Type safety and cleaner DX |
| ✒️ CI/CD | Vercel | Modern continuous integration&deployment management |
---

## ✨ Key Highlights

| Focus Area | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
|  **Figma-to-Code Accuracy** | Achieved pixel-perfect translation from a Figma layout |
|  **Custom Animations** | Implemented custom animations based on scroll, hover, and motion effects  |
|  **Visual Refinements** | Adjusted spacing, timing, and contrast for better aesthetic balance |
|  **Responsive Layouts** | Carefully adapted design to multiple breakpoints by using TailwindCSS |
|  **Accessibility Considerations** | Semantic structure and contrast-aware styling |

---

## 🧪 Development Process

1. **Figma Analysis** : Extracted spacing, colors, typography, and layout specs  
2. **Component Breakdown** : Divided the UI into modular, reusable components  
3. **Implementation** : Built layout using TailwindCSS utilities  
4. **Motion Design** : Added Framer Motion for smooth section transitions  
5. **Refinement** : Adjusted minor inconsistencies and visual flow  

The goal was to implement the Figma design with precision, ensuring a pixel-perfect landing page.


---

## 🧱 Project Structure

Organized for clarity, reusability and maintainability:
```
layers-landing-page/
├── src/
│ ├── app/ # App entry Next.js 14
│ ├── public/ # Static assets 
│ ├── components/ # Reusable UI components
│ ├── sections/ # Page sections (Hero, Features, CTA, etc.)
│ ├── styles/ # Global Tailwind styles
│ ├── lib/ # Motion configs and constants
│ └── pages/ # Next.js pages
├── .eslintrc.json
├── .prettierrc
├── next.config.js
├── package.json
├── postcss.config.mjs
├── tailwind.config.ts
└── tsconfig.json
```

---

## 🖼️ UI Showcase
**Play gifs to see animations!**
![Hero](/src/assets/gifs/hero.gif) 
![Features](/src/assets/gifs/features.gif)
![Integrations](/src/assets/gifs/integrations.gif)


🎥 **Live Demo:** [View the website](https://layers-fawn.vercel.app/)


Optimized for desktop and mobile. Resize the browser to see the responsive adjustments and animations in action.

---

## 🪄 What I Learned
- I learnt how to bridge static designs and production-ready code by managing responsiveness and motion without breaking design fidelity.
- I learnt how to use the Motion framework to create beautiful animations to enhance static designs.
- Polished my UI/UX skills to guarantee a seamless and attractive page, positioning the user at the centre of the project.


---

## 🚀 Getting Started

Run it locally in a few commands:
```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/sleepielle/layers-landing-page.git

# Navigate into it
cd layers-landing-page

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run the local server
npm run dev

Then open 👉 http://localhost:3000
```

---

## 🌸 Let's Connect!

![Banner](./src/assets/images/banner.png)
Let's connect on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mercedesgpaz/) — or drop a ⭐ if you liked this project!
